Creative people see the world in a different way. Creativity is a trait of character that everyone possess, the main thing is to start using it in everyday life. Research shows that the traits people across all creative fields have in common are: an openness to one's inner life; preference for complexity and ambiguity; an unusually high tolerance for disorder and disarray; the ability to extract order from chaos; independence; unconventionality and a willingness to take risks.
All personal breakthroughs begin with a change in beliefs. So how do we change? The most effective way is to get your brain to associate massive pain to the old belief. You must feel deep in your gut that not only has this belief cost you pain in the past, but it’s costing you in the present and, ultimately, can only bring you pain in the future. Then you must associate tremendous pleasure to the idea of adopting an empowering new belief.
If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.
Know everything there is to know about the history of World War 2 and the Holocaust? Well versed in momentous historical events like the sinking of the Titanic and the Kennedy assassination? Intimately acquainted with renowned historical figures ranging from icons like Billy the Kid to underappreciated heroes like Desmond Doss? Even if you're an expert on everything from Ancient Egypt to the American Civil War, not only do these well-worn topics have far more to offer than most people realize but so does the entirety of human history itself. Our collective past — from the first civilizations of the ancient world through the Middle Ages and into the modern era — is brimming with astounding discoveries, captivating characters, and stories that'll make even the most seasoned history buff's head spin.
The best inspirational movies leave an indelible impression on the viewer for various reasons. Maybe it was a line from motivational movies, or the overall story itself. In fact, these are movies that will change your life or give you some new perspectives. There is always a reason people turn to these films. Who hasn't aspired to the wisdom of Atticus Finch, or the tenacity of Rocky Balboa? What movie-goer hasn't felt a spring in their step after watching the women of Hidden Figures rightfully get their due? Hell, even the Jamaican bobsled team can make a compelling case for the importance of chasing your dreams, no matter how far-fetched they may seem.